README.md, before:

# Welcome to repofunding
*The crowdfunding platform for your open source repositories*

Enable crowdfunding to support your open source projects and get help from the community.

:smile: **Join the repofunding community now on** [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/repofunding/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/repofunding/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/repofunding/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

:love_letter: **Stay tuned with latest anouncements [![Saty tuned](https://img.shields.io/badge/repofunding%20news-subscribe-blue.svg)](https://github.com/gbrian/repofunding/issues/5)**

## Crowdfunding an open source proyect
Maintaining an open source project has a cost. 
It requires a lot of dedication and coding hours that you do because your passion. 
:heart_eyes: It is amazing when you start receiving attention from other developers, the community or companies usinig your project. 
Then they find bugs or start suggesting new cool features that enjoy developing.

With repofunding you can ask the community for the support needed to keep your projects updated and continue improving them.

## Issues as assets
Now you can estimate the cost of any issue and request crowdfunding for it so you don't have to bear with all the cost.
It is easy, anyone can collaborate with 1, 5, 10, ... and help you to get it done :clap:

### How I can request crwodfunding for an issue
You can ask repofunding to support your issue by just adding `@repofunding support` to your comments.

@repofunding will post
[new issue](templates/new_issue.md)

# Safe for the funders
You support it and you decide how much and when. 
Post your support by clicking on any of the available options on the issue:

[![Support this asset](https://img.shields.io/badge/support-$1-lightgray.svg)](http://google.com.au/)
[![Support this asset](https://img.shields.io/badge/support-$5-blue.svg)](http://google.com.au/) 
[![Support this asset](https://img.shields.io/badge/support-$10-yellow.svg)](http://google.com.au/) 
[![Support this asset](https://img.shields.io/badge/support-$20-green.svg)](http://google.com.au/) 

Super easy, don't you? No charges or costs will be applied. 
With this simple action you tell the maintainer and all the community your supporting this issue!

## Do I have to pay if the issue is not fixed?
Not at all :wink:

## When I will be charged?
Once the issue has an accepted pull request you will be requested to confirm your support.
Now is time for the 

# Reputation
There is only one way to get funders: reputation. Be honest, deliver on time and earn reputation points that will encourage the community to trust you.

### Funders
Please confirm your support and answer the surveys at the end of the issues to help repofunding know about the project maintainer. 

### Voting
Repo managers and funders are scored by the community  :+1: :-1:

Commit message:

Update siwth paypal.me info

README.md, after:

![prototype](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-prototype-red.svg)

# Welcome to repofunding
*The crowdfunding platform for your open source repositories*

Enable crowdfunding to support your open source projects and get help from the community.

:smile: **Join repofunding community now:** [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/repofunding/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/repofunding/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/repofunding/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

:love_letter: **Stay tuned with latest anouncements:** [![Saty tuned](https://img.shields.io/badge/repofunding%20news-subscribe-blue.svg)](https://github.com/gbrian/repofunding/issues/5)

### Crowdfunding an open source proyect
Maintaining an open source project has a cost. 
It requires a lot of dedication and coding hours that you do because your passion. 
:heart_eyes: It is amazing when you start receiving attention from other developers, the community or companies usinig your project. 
Then they find bugs or start suggesting new cool features that enjoy developing.

With repofunding you can ask the community for the support needed to keep your projects updated and continue improving them.

# How I can request crowdfunding for an issue
You can ask repofunding to support your issue by posting `@repofunding support donate_id` on your comments.

:warning: Anyone can reference @repofunding on an issue but only the repository owner can enable it!

:raising_hand: Currently @repofunding only works with **Paypal.ME**. The donation buttons will be generated using the `donate_id` pass to @repofunding. 

Example: [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/support-$1-lightgray.svg)](https://www.paypal.me/donate_id/1)   will point to **https://www.paypal.me/donate_id/1**  

# Example
Now you can estimate the cost of any issue and request crowdfunding for it so you don't have to bear with all the cost.
It is so easy and anyone can collaborate with 1, 5, 10, ... and get it done :clap:

**YOU:**
[PIC HERE]

**REPOFUNDING**:
[PIC HERE]

# Reputation
There is only one way to get funders: reputation. Be honest, deliver on time and earn reputation points that will encourage the community to trust you.

### Funders
Please confirm your support and answer the surveys at the end of the issues to help repofunding know about the project maintainer. 

### Voting
Repo managers and funders are scored by the community  :+1: :-1:
